Yeah. Hi, Janice. No, I'm not at the
airport yet. I've just had a really
strange package from a cloaked
campaigner. Something about the
marketing team and I need to complete a
challenge in order to get budget for
them. I didn't even know the marketing
team did anything.
[Music]
I almost feel as lost as when I ask
marketing where all the leads are at.
[Music]
I'm just about to go on holiday. What
the heck is this?
[Music]
Open the safe before the timer reaches
zero. Redistribute funds to marketing.
Find 8digit code to the safe. Rules.
Submit answers and proof of the
challenge competitions to the cloaked
container.
You may ask for help three times. That
is all.
[Music]
This is the voice of the cloaked
campaigner. I speak on behalf of the
marketing department. We have no budget
or resources for anything. For too long
have we begged and borrowed whilst you
frittered and partied. Far too little
have we been given to deliver the
results on nickels and dimes alone. We
are tired of being challenged on the ROI
of podcasts and LinkedIn founder posts
and too late is it now to buy our
silence with platitude and empty
promises. So say goodbye to that holiday
until you figure this one out. By the
time you've managed to unlock the safe,
we are confident that you will have
learned the value of marketing and be
prepared to redistribute the funds
accordingly. Now the challenge begins.
This takes self-destruct in 10 seconds.
Oh yeah. Okay. You know very well that
we don't have the budget for anything
like that. So, let's both just pretend.
All right.
Bang. Bang. Bang. Bang. Bang.
[Music]
[Applause]
You must first learn a valuable lesson
about teamwork. One which, ironically,
you need to figure out for yourself. You
must travel to a hallowed turf where an
emerald striped clan unite as one. There
you must humbly bow your knee at the
threshold and cast your gaze upward.
Only here can you meet a lion and a
horse who guard a lesson you must never
forget.
Answer: It is only together that we can.
Hello Turf, Emerald Stripe Clan.
Must be our football club, Yogle Town.
[Music]
So, I've got to travel to a hallow tur
where an emerald striped clan united
one. We're at the football club. I've
got to humbly bow my knee at the
threshold, cast my gaze upwards, and
only here I'll meet a lion and a horse
who guard a lesson I'll never forget.
[Applause]
It is only together that we can achieve
by unity.
>> Yeah. Hi Janice. No, I'm not at the
airport yet. I've just had a really
strange package from a cloaked
campaigner. Something about the
marketing team and I need to complete a
challenge in order to get budget for
them. I didn't even know the marketing
team did anything.
[Music]
We've had enough of sales and execs
snatching our budget for golfing
retreats.
Let's test how good you are and see if
that cash was well spent.
This will be no walk in the park for you
this time, though. Oh no, sir.
You must complete a 9hole course in the
fewest strokes possible.
Complete the course in 35 strokes or
less and walk away with your pride
intact. But for every single stroke over
35, you will be given a humiliating
forfeit.
Location, Yovil Recreation Center, pitch
and putt.
[Music]
Yeah. Hi, Janice. No, no, still not at
the airport. No, on the golf course.
Need to get under 35 to get bloody
marketing, some budget. So, still at it.
Hopefully be there soon.
[Music]
Yep. Hi again, Janice. Now, whatever
happens, make sure you keep some cash
back so we've got enough cash left for
sales to go to President's Club and
those paid dinners we talk about.
Cheers.
Ah, hey again, Janice. Yeah, I'm getting
quite good at golf now. I've only lost
one ball so far.
They they want cash for SEO and starting
a podcast now. Waste of time. Spend it
all on cold email and hire another
outbound sales rep. Cheers.
[Music]
[Applause]
Marketing have requested again and again
to be given resources for customer
research and the response we've been
given. We don't have time for customer
research and we already know everyone's
problems and their goals. Oh, do you
now? This should be interesting.
Conduct cusp.
Conduct consumer research on the public.
Correctly. Identify one person's problem
and goal. This should be quick cuz as
you said, you know the answers already.
Location. Find people wherever you can.
What would be your first thought if I
said what does a marketing do?
>> Selling.
>> Yeah.
>> Do you do you think they typically work
hard like compared to other roles? Oh,
it depends on what shop you're talking
about or what company because some
companies really don't help at all. And
then others, they're on your doorstep
within the day.
>> And if I had to, I suppose on the
opposite end, if I had to ask, what
should a marketer be doing to be
effective? What would be the first
thought that came to your head?
>> I mean, tailor the marketing to
individual things. So, if you're trying
to sell a phone to someone, market it
like they need it instead of like, oh
yeah, you want this, like you you need
this cuz the other one's obsolete. May
or may not have done a market call. So,
you're a bit more transparent with any
hidden things in the contract.
>> Yes.
>> It's like car finance. They don't tell
you about the extra hidden fees on the
bottom and then you can't actually get
that back, can you?
>> So, if I was going to market boots, it's
stuff you need to fix yourself. I guess
>> great tagline
for that.
[Music]
tired are we of having to plan, execute,
promote, track, and analyze with
virtually zero help and hardly anything
to go on. Now it's your turn. Let's see
how you do.
As with any good treasure hunt, X marks
the spot. Upon the outskirts of Yovil
Town, you can find a grotto. If you do
not drown, a flower marks this
mysterious site. Its head points up to
where there is no light. All right,
time's running out. We're on the last
challenge. Let's have a look at this map
and see if we can try and work out
what's going on.
Hi again, Janice. No, I'm still not at
the airport. No, no, no. Scrap that
budget. Yeah, scrap that paid media
budget for marketing. We're going to
need it for a chartered flight.
Let's try and figure out where the X is
on this map. So, there's a clue that we
need to look at the icon. I can see
trees, insects.
Wait, is that a Twitter icon?
Could it be X? Twitter X. Is that going
to finally be the last clue to get
marketing to shut up?
[Music]
I always feel as lost as when I ask
marketing where all the leads are at.
[Music]
Janice, I've got 1 minute left. Why are
you calling me? Hey, what? I'm nearly
there. Oh, sales want to leave early.
Yeah, they've worked super hard. Let
them go. Let them go. That's fine. Yeah,
send them to the pub. I've got less than
a minute left. Where is it?
Give up. Marketing aren't worth it. I'm
just going to put this down here. Oh,
the flower.
[Applause]
Got it. Quick, we got 30 seconds. Let's
get that code in. the code.
We finally done it. Let's see what's in
here. So, here's marketing's budget for
the year. Oh, a bit of coal.